---
layout: post
title:  "Here we go!"
date:   2017-01-26
categories: musings
hero: bye_melbourne
image: "/assets/img/heros/bye_melbourne-small.png"
---
> I have jumped,  
> I have foregone comfort.  
> I have given up safety and security.  

> I have turned from happiness and love, warmth and wealth.  
> I have leaped.
> Oh fuck!

And so it begins, what I so flippantly call my “mid life crisis”. For lack of a better description, I am attempting to 'pivot' my career - to reignite the passion I have for the work that I do. That all sounds a bit dramatic but I have had a feeling growing for some time regarding my career which can be boiled down to “You don’t have to go home but you can’t stay here”.

> More and more the problems encountered were people based.

I enjoy solving difficult business problems with technology, having spent the last 10 years working at various levels at creative and digital agencies more and more the problems encountered were people based. As my career gained traction, my seniority and remuneration grew but my job satisfaction diminished. I was working on larger and larger projects but feeling less connected to the problems I was solving, not senior enough to steer the direction of the business, not junior enough to just sit down and code.

So here I am, embarking on a journey into places unknown, to travel with people I have never met, to do work that I have not secured for clients and projects that, at this stage don't exist. I should be worried, but I'm not. The current plan has me visiting 13 countries over the next 14 months most of it organised by [Remote Year](http://remoteyear.com) - you have probably seen their ads on Facebook. I will be working & studying while I travel ([check out my itinerary]({% link pages/the_plan.md %})), ideally I want to split my time equally between;

* Working on startups and projects for which I have equity.
* Building skills that I have not had time to learn whilst in full time employment (primarily Data Science & Front end technologies)
* Writing
* Consulting (I need to pay the bills somehow)

One of the goals for this experience is to write more, so I will do it here, my work is technical but this project won't cover that, nor will it cover my political leanings or what I ate last night (well perhaps). It will be a record of my travels but I stop short of calling it a travel blog. It is simply my perspective and experience during an interesting period.

I hope you join me.
